Welcome to the biography page of the website! Since you navigated here you must either be interested in *me as a person* (for some incomprehensible reason) or, much more likely, are trying to contact me. In case of the latter I will refer you to the info-box right below this one.

My name is Lars Willemsen and I was born in 1995 in Tiel, the Netherlands. I take a casual interest in many topics but often find myself struggling to commit to anything in particular. This often makes me appear a lot more versatile than I really am. I like to say I am very theoretically inclined, which is a nice, deliberate juxtaposition to the (very stupid) personality trait people like to assign themselves of being a "visual thinker". Out of all people I have ever met claiming this, none are any different than those who will say they are not. Reducing something complicated to something more easily digestible is a tactic we all apply in all facets of our life. In many cases trying to simplify the task to colorful imaginary pictures goes nowhere, so reaching for the "yea but I'm more of a visual thinker" is much easier than *actually trying*.

Ugh, I digress.

My hobbies and interests are constantly shifting, but programming, gaming and "creating" have been consistent themes. I can get very obsessive over new topics for a brief period before completely failing to find any engagement in it whatsoever. As such I have played various instruments, but don't excel at any of them. My knowledge of music theory is lacking. I have tried figure drawing on several occasions and am still quite interested in digital art. In a way I despise myself for failing to commit more. I have written an incomprehensible amount of code over my years, starting as early as 10 years old with a program called "Gamemaker". Inspired by a friend who was already occupied with creating simple games this quickly became my number one fixation, pumping out several games (or whatever passed for it) per month. I later expanded this business by developing simple web pages for other members of the community launching their own blockbuster productions (such as barely functioning MMOs with colorful playable rectangles, as drawing actual sprites was too hard). This earned me way too little money, but also kickstarted my next passion: [creating awful early 2000s websites](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlX4T2SBkC0). Since then I have created various projects related to games, such as a small OpenGL rendering engine and various projects in XNA (now Monogame) such as a small physics engine sporting both rigid- and softbodies (hint: it's just *springs*). I enjoy mathematics and abstract concepts, but not just for the sake of it - usually needing clear application for me to be able to motivate myself. Reading is another hobby I enjoy, but it somewhat tends to take the backseat when I can convince myself I have other things to do. My favorite book is *"East of Eden"* by John Steinbeck.

Outside the usual nerdy stuff I enjoy cooking and working out. I especially love my wok (stir-frying), but simple pastas are still my go-to. Especially since they make it so easy to turn leftovers into prep meals. Approximately four or five days a week you will be able to find me in the local gym picking up (comparatively) heavy things. [Remember even Socrates was a gym-rat](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/607547-no-man-has-the-right-to-be-an-amateur-in).

Rather than winning the Nobel prize or becoming an astronaut, my secret dream is to become a renowned game designer, having written over 2000 pages worth of game design documents since high-school. Unfortunately that will probably end up as one of those empty promises to my elderly-self.